Document docker hub support in readme (#129)
neuralet/smart-social-distancing: README.md

The frontend site uses HTTPs, in order to have it communicate with the processor, the latter must be either **Running with SSL enabled** (See [Enabling SSL](#enabling-ssl) on this Readme), **or** you must edit your site settings for `https://beta.lanthorn.ai` in order to allow for Mixed Content (Insecure Content). **Without doing any of these, communication with the local processor will fail**

#### Running the processor

Make sure you have `Docker` installed on your device by following [these instructions](https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/debian).
The command that you need to execute will depend on the chosen device because each one has an independent Dockerfile.

There are two alternatives to run the processor in your device:

>   1. Using `git` and building yourself the docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Using `git` and building the docker image yourself.
```

>   2. Pulling the image (already built) from [neuralet Docker Hub repository](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/neuralet/smart-social-distancing).

Reviewer 2: I would add something like: "Follow the guide in this section" with a link to the section in the Readme

Author: Added

>   2. Pulling the image (already built) from [neuralet Docker Hub repository](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/neuralet/smart-social-distancing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Pulling the (already built) image from [Neuralet's Docker Hub repository](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/neuralet/smart-social-distancing).
```

##### Running the processor building the image

> Make sure you have the prerequisites and then clone this repository to your local system by running this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your system fulfils the prerequisites and then clone this repository to your local system by running this command:
```

```bash

# 1) Build Docker image
docker build -f x86-gpu-tensorrt-openpifpaf.Dockerfile -t "neuralet/smart-social-distancing:latest-x86_64_gpu_tensorrt" .

# 2) Run Docker container:
# Notice: you must have Docker >= 19.03 to run the container with `--gpus` flag.
docker run -it --gpus all -p HOST_PORT:8000 -v "$PWD":/repo -e TZ=`./timezone.sh` neuralet/smart-social-distancing:latest-x86_64_gpu_tensorrt
```

###### Run on x86 using OpenVino
```bash
# download model first
./download_openvino_model.sh

# 1) Build Docker image
docker build -f x86-openvino.Dockerfile -t "neuralet/smart-social-distancing:latest-x86_64_openvino" .

# 2) Run Docker container:
docker run -it -p HOST_PORT:8000 -v "$PWD":/repo  -e TZ=`./timezone.sh` neuralet/smart-social-distancing:latest-x86_64_openvino
```

##### Running the processor from neuralet Docker Hub repository

Before running any of the images available in the Docker repository, you need to follow these steps to have your device ready.
  1. Create a `data` folder.
  2. Copy the `config` file (available in this repository) corresponding to your device.

>   3. Copy the bash script(s) (available in this repository) required to download the model(s) your device requires.

Reviewer 2: They also need the timezone.sh script, right? I would mention that here

Author: As the timezone.sh script is an optional parameter I didn't include it in the default commands.
I  explained how to use it with docker hub in his section. However, I can include it.

Reviewer: I agree it would be best to do so (and remark its optionality here), this part is where I expect one would be interested of knowing and looking for the script If they want it (instead of after finishing the setup and attempting a run)

Author: I included the `timezone.sh` script.

Please note that the bash script may require permissions to execute (run `chmod +x timezone.sh`)

> If you are running the processor directly from the Docker Hub repository remember to copy/paste the script in the execution folder before adding the flag ``` -e TZ=`./timezone.sh` ```.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are running the processor directly from the Docker Hub repository, remember to copy/paste the script in the execution folder before adding the flag ``` -e TZ=`./timezone.sh` ```.
```
